Problem 1:

a) the status of README.md is unmodified, the working directory is clean and there have been no modifications to the file

b) the status of README.md is that it has been modified but it still has not been added or listed as untracked. The fun_problem.txt on the other hand is now being untracked, which means that git sees the file but it won't include it in my commit snapshots until I perform a git add for the file

c) Both files are now being tracked by git and are staged. This means that if I perform git commit at this point than both these files the way they are now will be added to the historical snapshot in git.

d) First off both of the files were commited to the git repository how they were when they were added. Then modifications were made to both of the files. Adding the text in paranthesis to the last line of each file. Both files are still not on the untracked or tracked list though.

e) The git add command added the README file to the tracked list and is now also staged so if we were to do a git commit it would be added to the repository. The checkout command removed the modification that was made to the file in the previous step. The file is not being tracked or untracked at this time.

f) The README file has been modified, but this new modification is not being tracked or staged. The file before the modification was made is still being tracked and if it were commited it would not contain the latest modification.


Problem 6:

For all the functions, I got that the big theta notation to equal to 1. The functions in the stack class all use the head of the list and never need to iterate through the rest of the stack. Therefore it only accesses the head and calls whatever operation that is needed, whether it be push, top, pop, or empty. For the push and pop functions it is accessing the head or the stack and for one it is making a new head by changing the prev pointer of the old head and the other is getting rid of the current head of the array by changing the prev pointer of the next item. Both functions do not go through any loops and all the commands being called are theta of 1. For top all the function does is return the head so it doesnt go through anything besides the head of the array. And lastly for empty the function just looks at the size of the array which is a private variable.